ABBY: Coming up,
some of the most outrageous...
Chloe, you look fabulous.
ABBY: ...explosive...
-Grow up!
-You grow up.
NARRATOR: ...and out of control moments.
-(bleep) done!
-You know, it's going to be--
From this past (indistinct) season...
-Oh.
-(laughter)
My entire reputation has been humiliated.
(bleep) the pyramid.
...kidding me?
-You're kidding me, right?
-ABBY: No.
I don't have to buy
my way through life, Jill.
I mean, let's just get it
over with quickly.
Please, that's official.
I do not want to say.
CATHY: This is between Abby and I,
so pipe down.
-You need--
-Disco ball.
Get the hell out! Go!
I don't think you guys have to put up
with me much longer, I'll be gone.
Kiss, kiss. Let's go.
-No!
-(gasps)
What did she say?
Be gone, bitch!
You have no powers here.
I didn't sign up for this.
She's a (bleep).
-Stop screaming at our kids.
-Okay.
Don't scream at my kids.
CHRISTI: Don't you say that
to my daughter!
KELLY: Oh, you are a whore.
(indistinct) (bleep) are doing this again.
(theme music playing)
SINGER: ♪ Get on the floor ♪
♪ My world is with my girls ♪
♪ Living on the dance floor ♪
This last dance season
has been outrageous.
We're counting down to the number one,
most outrageous moment
from this past dance season,
so get ready.
Because these moms are out of control.
Number 20 of my OMG moments.
Get them up! Get them up!
ABBY: When we got off of the bus,
I told my girls and their mothers,
game faces on!
CATHY: Abby Lee, she draws on abs.
We have real abs.
Keep going!
There they are!
Keep your heads up high, all right?
And remember, no running,
hugging, kissing,
just, "Hi, how are you?"
Guys, guys, guys, guys, come here.
Don't even look at them.
Do not look at them.
Keep your eyes on me.
Hey. How are you?
CATHY: Drop the curler.
Oh.
(laughter)
Very fashionable.
Nobody can tell me?
-Oh, my God.
-(interposing voices)
Come on, let's go girls.
All right, good to see you.
Thank you.
We all have enemies in the dance world.
And with soliciting students,
lying about ages,
and copying my music,
Cathy has become one of mine.
Number 19 of my OMG moments.
Everybody up all the runway, go.
(tense music playing)
As a mom, I'm seeing like
bare midriffs and fishnets.
LESLIE: Yep, and the fishnets
and school girl.
HOLLY: Right, it's just--
it's over the top.
LESLIE: Well, I like fishnets.
I think they're cute.
I don't get the holes in the tights.
ABBY: You don't need to get it.
-You're not judging.
-LESLIE: Okay.
ABBY: Don't worry about it.
You have to understand, Leslie.
I'm going with Payton as a bully.
She's older.
She would be like the trashy, mean,
bad girl that's up to no good
at Catholic school.
That's what I'm going for.
LESLIE: Bully and bad girl
is different from trashy, Abby.
-The judges--
-LESLIE: Trashy means sleazy, sloppy.
-ABBY: No. I--
-LESLIE: She's 14.
She's not--that's not what--
she's portraying a bully,
not some sleaze in some strip joint.
ABBY: I don't care what any
of those moms say.
It's my studio.
It's my company.
And they needed something
cutting edge for this routine.
I have two minutes to convey
my message to the audience.
Instantly when that music starts,
the judges need to know
what the piece is about.
So I don't have time to explain it all
like Leslie's explaining it.
I want the costumes to be
over the top, in your face,
I get what you mean.
That's all there is to it.
And now, number 18 of my OMG moments.
JILL: Kendall and I have
a little something for you,
for letting us in on your family.
I bought Abby a gift
as a token of my appreciation.
And I wanted to give it to her
in front of all the other moms
because I want them to know
that I'm serious about this.
-What is it? Perfume and--
-It's the Chanel--
-Is that the--that's Number 5.
-And the (indistinct) that's it.
KELLY: Jill pulls out a gift for Abby.
I wanted to die.
I was like, "Oh, my God,
here's another Melissa."
(laughs)
"Gift giver."
My goodness.
JILL: I see how presents
go over well with Abby.
I hope Abby appreciates it.
Thank you so much.
You're very welcome.
That's beautiful.
You know everyone's going to hate you.
KELLY: Oh, my God.
Just a little something
we can all appreciate.
(indistinct)
It's not for Abby.
It's for the studio.
HOLLY: A bench dedicated to Abby?
I think I've seen it all now.
I have a surprise for both of you.
For us?
JILL: Yeah, I know
you've been working really hard.
-ABBY: It's a surprise?
-JILL: It is a surprise.
ABBY: Whoa.
JILL: You guys are getting
personal massages.
ABBY: Thank you so much.
JILL: You're welcome, Abby.
No one has ever done anything
like this my whole entire life.
JILL: I'm going to do my best to make sure
that Abby gets taken care of.
You know, I think (indistinct)
done this for us.
Never.
Hi.
Oh, were you having a private?
JILL: No, I wish.
I just came through.
-She's joking.
-It doesn't pertain to you guys.
-HOLLY: Well, if it's nothing, tell us.
-Christi, it's not of your business.
Just tell us if it was nothing.
Oh.
CHRISTI: Abby is a really big advocate
for, you know, pay me off, give me a gift.
But this is taking gifting
to a whole new level.
HOLLY: That doesn't look like nothing.
And that poor masseuse.
-Did you--
-Well, you know what?
You guys, it really wasn't
really your business.
Yes, I did something nice for Abby.
KELLY: I think when Jill
first came to our studio,
she was taking meds.
And I think she ran out.
You are buying Abby and Gianna right now.
If you guys are okay
with being second or last,
that's your choice.
Chloe is not second!
You better not say that again!
I don't have to buy
my way through life, Jill.
JILL: I would give Abby
a three-month trial membership
to Weight Watchers
if I were to give her a gift.
It's the gift that would keep on giving.
If Jill wants to give me a gift,
hey, who am I to stop her?
Christi, well, we all know
she can't afford to buy gifts.
Number 17 of my OMG moments.
WOMAN: Are you not able to go at all?
No.
I wasn't at pyramid.
I'm the adult.
Nia has no control over me.
And there was no need for Abby to be harsh
or to take it out on Nia because
I wasn't present for pyramid.
-Figure it out because you know what?
-Abby--
-The kid needs somebody.
-Was I--
She's not that swift.
-How dare you.
-She's not.
-She needs help.
-HOLLY: Abby--
-She needs people to take notes.
-Abby--
-You think you're up here
because you have a doctorate
and everybody else is down here.
That's your problem, Abby.
You are intimidated by me because I--
Bull!
-Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
-Yeah.
But I have to tell you
that I'm not coming.
-I'm trusting Nia with you.
-I know.
HOLLY: Okay, so, but I know
she's going to do well.
She wants to do it for the team, so.
ABBY:
Holly always has something else to do.
And I've had it with her.
It's never about Nia.
It's always about Holly.
HOLLY: Can I see you for a second outside,
just for a moment,
-just for a moment?
-Holly,
-I am coming to your school...
-HOLLY: Just--
...I'm walking into your office
and I'm going to interrupt you.
-It's ridiculous.
-Fine, you go ahead and do that.
I have parents who do that all the time.
I don't think there's anything
more invasive than being interrupted.
Holly is now a principal.
She of all the mothers should understand.
This is my domain.
-I'm the principal here.
-But you--
-It's my office.
-What you fail--
what you fail to realize, Abby...
-I don't fail to realize anything.
-...is that you don't control me.
ABBY: I will not be bossed
around in my own studio.
I give Nia a solo, but that's
just not good enough for Holly.
Nothing's ever good enough.
Well, you know what?
Detention is good enough.
And that's what her and Nia both need.
Get the hell out! Go!
(gasps)
What did she say?
-You need to--
-She's gonna go solo tonight.
-Abby--
-And you just blew it.
You're expelled. You're done.
I loved seeing Holly speechless.
Holly, where's your books?
Where's your encyclopedia?
Where's your dictionary?
Come on.
Think of something to say. Let's go.
Number 16 of my OMG moments.
No more stupid mistakes up there.
What are you doing?
Are they running solos?
-ABBY: Yeah.
-I'm going to put these props in here.
Kelly, she's 13.
KELLY: Next time,
you can come up and get them.
Let her carry it herself.
She didn't know I brought a hat.
Whatever.
You're just wasting more time.
KELLY: So how are you going
to bring your hat?
-You want me to run the solos.
-KELLY: Well, you're yelling at me
for bringing them
the stuff that they need.
-Do you want us to be hands-on moms?
-ABBY: Right now--
Because you just told Nia
her mom didn't love her.
I want you to be gone.
And I want to get the two 14-year-olds
that came to the audition
-and put them in the dance.
-KELLY: Go ahead. Throw me out.
Throw me out.
Go right ahead.
ABBY: Go.
Kelly has absolutely no right
to interrupt a classroom.
Nobody pays that much money, no one.
She's just dying to get inside that studio
every chance she gets.
Kelly doesn't seem to understand
that when she interrupts a class,
it's not just her two children.
It's not her tuition.
She is interrupting everybody there.
Number 15 of my OMG moments.
MAN: Good afternoon, everyone.
We are ready for the dancers.
All right, now if I could get
number 247 over here, please.
Will do.
From fifth position,
tendu and close, tendu and close.
See, number 250 was bopping
her foot out and bringing it back.
Oh, so sorry, that's your child.
-KELLY: Cathy--
-Cathy, is that all you guys can say?
You're not even supposed to be watching.
Aren't you the teacher?
-Shouldn't you know that?
-Well, then stop bopping your head in.
-What?
-I didn't.
I just turned around and looked for you.
CATHY: I don't see a sign
that says no teachers allowed.
-KELLY: It's just etiquette.
-No, no, no, you know what?
-You don't look on an audition--
-You guys--
-listen.
-KELLY: ...or let alone, a dance class.
MAN: Take some of that tension
out of the shoulders there.
-Newsflash--Newsflash--
-(interposing voices)
There's an audition going on
right behind the door.
-Shush your--
-CHRISTI: You're pathetic.
CATHY: I'm not the one that's always drunk
-and can't take care of my kids.
-CHRISTI: I'm not drunk
and I can take care
of everybody just fine.
CATHY: Oh, but you've always
got a drink in your hand.
You embarrass yourself every time
you open your mouth.
Pardon me one moment, please.
Ladies, we're having
a ballet class in here.
CHRISTI: Thank you.
If you don't respect me
and you don't respect these girls,
-respect the art form.
-CATHY: Don't only talk to me.
CATHY: You need to talk to her as well.
You just got my focus.
She pulled the focus.
It was Cathy's mouth, her rudeness,
her lack of decorum.
Every single child in that room
deserved that man's attention.
But who got it?
You did in a negative way.
I was embarrassed.
I was humiliated.
And I was appalled.
ABBY: Welcome back to the countdown
to my OMG moments.
So let's find out the answer,
what does Cathy's husband sell?
-(ding)
-ABBY: Beef jerky, D.
(horse neighs)
MAN (on video):
We've got beef jerky, turkey jerky,
chicken jerky, hell,
my mouth's on fire jerky.
If you can jerk it, Tommy's got it,
because no one jerks it like Tommy.
This ain't my first rodeo.
(crunches)
GROUP: Mm. Good.
(cow mooing)
KELLY: She's a piece of meat.
Do you think that she had her
come to like humiliate her?
Absolutely.
CHRISTI: I am so disgusted with Cathy.
What happened to Chloe's dancing?
There's no dancing in that commercial.
It's just her posing in a meat suit.
CATHY: That was a sneaky move.
Cathy strikes again she solicits
one of my best dancers
and then humiliates the child.
And the mother was stupid
enough to let her do it.
Chloe, now just remember,
if you had the future
that I have in mind for you,
that's going to turn up and haunt you.
CHRISTI: I think it was
a very good learning lesson
because she didn't want to do it.
I hope you learned your lesson.
Because if the kid's manager
would have been there,
she wouldn't have been the piece of meat.
She'd have been the star.
CHRISTI: You're not her manager.
You're her dance teacher.
Cathy humiliated her.
I didn't put her in a piece of meat.
CHRISTI: You constantly do this (bleep)
to my kid before she dances.
Woo.
The countdown continues with
number 14 of my OMG moments.
CATHY: Hi, guys.
ABBY: Hello.
-How are you?
-ABBY: Good.
CATHY:
Just wanted to tell you that your red
was such a nice tribute to candy apples.
That woman went right to nasty,
rotten to the core.
The moms were telling me
that you were really...
-Oh, you know what?
-...kind of dissing me
-and wondering why they're still with me?
-I'm going to tell you--
-Just questioning--
-Cathy, something tells me,
-you would love to have us.
-CATHY: Time out. Time--
Oh, you think way too highly of yourself,
especially the way you dress.
-Listen Granny...
-Wait a minute, you know what Christi?
-...take it out to the hallway.
-Listen, all right, listen, nose.
CHRISTI: Leave it to Cathy
to take it to a below the belt level.
You've done nothing
but complain about her forever.
You need to take your cheap dress
-and mosey on out.
-My dress is not cheap,
it's Ralph Lauren there, honey.
CATHY: Oh, I highly doubt it.
-Oh.
-CHRISTI: Go back to junior high, Grandma.
Cathy is the geriatric mean girl.
Be gone, bitch.
You have no powers here.
Wow, I think I'm seeing red.
I just wish Christi would act like a lady
and quit going after Cathy.
Obviously, she's a bitter old snot.
It's not going to get any better.
She's jealous.
Let's just move on.
No fighting, ladies.
Number 13 of my OMG moments.
Back to the drawing board,
new number starting tomorrow.
KELLY: You're the one that wants them
to learn a new dance every three days.
Everybody else out there,
I can guarantee you,
have been doing their numbers
more than three days.
How come I'm the only one
that gets aggravated?
Because you're the only one
that hasn't had a child.
No, but I had a mother and a father.
And if they looked at me one time,
I knew, one look.
So I'm telling you right now,
it's 4:30 to 9:30
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday.
Plan on it.
I'm allowed to say
the routine wasn't good.
Most parents value my opinion
more than the three judges.
Whatever, Abby.
I was so frustrated.
I'm just not the kind of person
that's going to sit back and shut up.
No, I don't have to pay on time.
I'm Kelly Hyland.
I've been at this for 30 years.
KELLY: No, I always pay
the whole year on time.
Because I'll show you
my Discover card payment
that shows for the past ten years,
I've paid you in full.
You're the reason I don't
even take Discover any more.
Kelly, go get a job!
KELLY: Oh, don't even go there, you whore.
Oh, you are a whore.
Kelly, we're not talking
about you in high school.
We're talking about learning a routine
for dance competition every single week.
Come on, honey.
Take those beady little eyes
and stay with me.
And now number 12 of my OMG moments.
They need to go home
before somebody gets hurt.
Girls, I don't need the tears.
You're nine, ten, 11 years old.
Exactly!
ABBY: Every kid makes mistakes.
These mothers are enabling their children
to make mistakes and not own them.
My daughter was at the top of the pyramid
and she's leaving the studio crying.
This is why I say (bleep) the pyramid.
Yay.
Are all the tears over?
-KELLY: School tomorrow.
-What are all the tears about?
I don't understand.
-Why are you crying?
-CHRISTI: You don't understand?
No.
Because you're screaming
in little kids' faces.
Little kids' faces.
CHRISTI: Yeah, little kids' faces, Abby.
Grow up!
You grow up!
Abby is the best.
The girls, they were just being taught
the things that they forgot
about the trio.
It was no big deal.
I think the moms need to get a grip.
-You know what, Abby?
-ABBY: I wouldn't yell at her!
(indistinct) be so lucky
to have Chloe as your student
because she's a great dancer
and everybody knows it
except for you.
I made her.
I know it.
Oh, were you pregnant for nine months?
I made her!
You know what?
You couldn't have given (bleep)
about her for so many years
when I sat out there
and I told her what to do
because you were too busy
looking at everybody else.
Oh who else was I looking at?
-Oh, let me guess.
-ABBY: Everybody.
-Who?
-Who else?
CHRISTI: Abby does not put any value
on any child in her studio
except for Maddie.
And those kids know it.
And it is a shame.
Disrespectful.
CHRISTI: You're like the definition
of disrespectful.
Well, my mother would have came in
and beat my butt
when I couldn't count to eight.
She would have been mortified.
White trash.
I didn't sign up for this.
ABBY: Welcome back to the countdown
to my OMG moments.
So let's find out the answer.
What's my beloved dog's name?
-(ding)
-C, Broadway Baby.
Broads, let's go.
WOMAN: Oh, girls be careful.
It's slick out here.
ABBY: I love the fire and ice competition
because it's here in Pittsburgh.
So it's always nice
that we get to stay home.
I have more time with Broadway Baby.
And they are always thrilled to see
the Abby Lee Dance Company.
-Hello.
-Hey (indistinct)
I mean, come on, it's the
Abby Lee Dance Company.
-How are you doing?
-Mwah.
Welcome.
(indistinct) and you're so happy right now
because you don't have a whole lot
of crappy pressures on you.
Let's go.
CATHY: Look, she doesn't have a kid,
but she has a dog in a stroller.
ABBY: The countdown continues
with number 11 of my OMG moments.
It's my name, my reputation, not yours.
-CHRISTI: It's their names too.
-Exactly.
CHRISTI: You keep saying it's only you,
but these kids are the ones on the stage.
ABBY: Right, Christi,
they're Abby Lee's kids.
But they're Chloe and Nia
and Maddie and Payton.
Now Abby is sitting there
barking at these girls.
"It's my name, it's my name."
And for god's sakes, we are so tired
of hearing it's your name.
It's not.
When Chloe stands on stage,
people are looking at Chloe.
When Maddie's on stage,
they're looking at Maddie and Nia.
Yes, they dance under Abby's studio.
But, ultimately,
they're the ones on stage.
(indistinct)
CHRISTI: Don't you say that
to my daughter.
ABBY: Look at the way that you act.
Be a role model!
I am a role model, Abby.
You're the worst role model here.
Well, that's Christi for you.
She is marketing her child.
She thinks that Chloe
is going to be a star
from going to dance competitions.
This is the Abby Lee
Dance Company on display.
It's my name.
It's my reputation.
And that's what you
signed up for, Christi.
You signed a contract.
If you don't want to do it again
next year, by all means,
don't sign up again.
Number ten of my OMG moments.
I just think everyone
should be treated fairly.
Exactly.
It's blatant why your daughter
gets everything
because you do everything in your power
to get Maddie ahead.
-No, I don't.
-CHRISTI: Yes, you do, Melissa.
I don't think you should have
to defend yourself...
-I don't.
-...for something Abby gives your kids.
I don't think it's Melissa's fault
that Abby likes her kids the best.
Let's face it, she does.
So her kids get the privates.
You make sure that
nobody else has a chance
because of all the things you do.
Oh, please, that is such (bleep).
That's why I didn't want to come.
-So I'm leaving.
-CHRISTI: Go ahead.
We knew you would leave
because you deflect everything.
I don't argue because I'm not like you.
CHRISTI: No, you're not, Melissa.
And I'm not like you, thank God.
JILL: I can't believe that Kelly
is allowing this to happen.
Is this how you throw a party?
Get out.
Come on, baby.
JILL: Why do you have to get
so personal about it?
And I believe that if any one of you
did what Melissa did
and got the privates that she gets
and had your child up top all the time,
-you would feel the same way she does?
-But we're not willing to do it.
We're not willing to sell
our soul to the devil
-to get to the top of the pyramid.
-JILL: And that's your decision.
CHRISTI: Jill is really turning
this group upside down.
And she thinks she can come
in here and tell us how to be.
Guess what?
Can't do that.
-Hey, new girl, see yourself out.
-I gotta go. I got to go.
Thank you, Kelly, for your hospitality.
You're welcome.
It's amazing how things have changed
once you're off probation.
I have one comment to make.
Did everybody see Christi shove her food
onto her cracker with her finger
and down it without even chewing?
Woo, that's some hypo she has.
And now number nine of my OMG moments.
I hate to do this, but...
Kendall, you are back on probation.
That's ridiculous, Abby.
What more do you want from her?
ABBY: Your head is distended.
Your shoulders are hunched.
Your rib cage is open.
Are you kidding me?
You're kidding me, right?
ABBY:
No, she doesn't make the corrections.
I have been telling her since
the audition about her posture.
And it has not improved once.
JILL: I can't even believe it.
You know what?
You should be on probation,
not my daughter.
ABBY: Kendall was on the bottom
of the pyramid.
Unfortunately,
I don't have a picture of Jill.
If I would, she would be
the one that's there.
Learn something, Jill.
You are on my last nerve.
I don't even know why I'm here.
You had nothing to say to her
since the second we got here.
You know what, Abby?
She does a lot right.
ABBY: I was not surprised
in the least by Jill's reaction.
I was devastated by Kendall's reaction.
I certainly don't wake up
in the morning to intentionally
hurt a child's feelings.
There's a lot of studios out there
who would love what she does right.
And you know what, Abby?
We're going to one of those studios.
I'm not putting up with this crap anymore.
We're done.
Jill took Kendall over
to Cathy's Candy Apples.
Number eight of my OMG moments.
I still stand by my decision
that my daughter dances.
And whatever number is put there,
she's going to do
and she's going to act out that part.
And that's what my kids are going to do.
CHRISTI: She told me last night
that she has got somebody
on speed dial to replace her.
No, she just says that.
CHRISTI: I know,
but it makes my daughter cry.
-(interposing voices)
-But you still bring your daughter back
to cry the next day.
I don't get it.
-Well, you don't have to get it.
-(interposing voices)
You listen to Payton
when Abby says something to her,
shut up and take it.
Or find a new studio, Payton,
that you don't feel this way
when you leave here.
That's your opinion about the situation.
-Well, if you feel that bad...
-Mine is different.
...that your daughter is crying
and you don't take her somewhere else,
Christi, then what kind
of parenting is that?
Because it doesn't bother me
that Payton cries.
CHRISTI:
But it still doesn't make it any easier
-when I'm watching my daughter cry.
-Then shut up.
No one's holding a gun to your head
and driving you here.
Go somewhere else.
Like where--
-Leslie--
-Go somewhere else.
Well, I think Leslie is right.
She's right on the money.
Put up or shut up.
If you're going to cry, go somewhere else.
Number seven of my OMG moments.
CATHY:
You're going to start from this side.
And if I had to do a close-up,
I would be going over here.
Yeah, okay.
So we want this production to be huge.
We've got all of my dancers
in adorable red Western outfits.
Our choreography, of course,
is cute as ever.
MAN: Do you want to do
a panning shot across everyone
and then zoom out and then
you're going to see--
No, no, we've got to
make it work this way.
-Yeah.
-Doesn't the director
always have their final say?
Yeah, you know,
on a project like this, sure.
Okay, then, that's all I need to know.
-Whoa.
-Okay.
Can we fill this with beef jerky?
Let's get some beef jerky in here
so that it's not empty-looking.
MIKE: I think it looks good as is.
No, just throw some in.
You help him.
MAN: I have to bring in all the equipment.
-I kind of need--
-Then hurry, chop, chop.
You know, honey, time is money,
money is time.
Wow, okay.
Hello.
So good to see you guys.
Hi.
Hello.
From the moment I walk through the door,
all I can think is,
what did I get Chloe into?
And I really hope I did the right thing.
CATHY: I have her costume.
Oh, it has beef jerky all over it, Chloe.
It does.
After you're done,
you can eat all of the beef jerky
that's on your costume.
CHRISTI: Oh, good.
CATHY: Mike are you watching
so you know when to walk through
and sample the jerky?
And just go like that and say,
"come and get some," okay?
Now how about if you go,
"This ain't my first rodeo."
-All right.
-Mike, that's cute.
-You all--are y'all good?
-We're--
CATHY: The kids are so excited to see you.
Hurry up because I'm on a tight schedule.
CHRISTI: Okay, we're coming.
CATHY: I certainly would not want
to have to deduct from,
from Chloe's pay.
Just keep that in mind.
(laughs)
Chloe is horrified.
She does not want to be like
a little dancing snausage.
You look nice.
You look great.
All together at the same time.
Here comes the jerky girl.
CATHY: Oh, Chloe, you look fabulous.
Girls.
-Yeah.
-Awesome.
CATHY: Yeah, you might have
to keep your distance though
because you stink a little bit.
All right, you're all right?
You're fabulous.
Kiss, kiss.
Let's go.
ABBY: Welcome back to the countdown
to my OMG moments.
So let's find out the answer.
Which dance mom owes me the most money?
Come on, that's B, Christi.
WOMAN: Go.
(tense music playing)
It came forward.
What did you want me to do?
You were at the bar having a drink
and her headpiece is falling off.
Her headpiece didn't fall off.
-It came forward.
-Yes, it did.
-Whatever, whatever.
-It didn't fall on the stage.
She's fine.
It's my number, it's my name.
It was fine.
-ABBY: Okay, just--
-It'll never happen again.
-It better not. That's right.
-This conversation is over.
-I'm done.
-And you pay your bill late,
-by the way.
-CHRISTI: I do not pay my bills late.
-Yes, you do. Yes, you do.
-CHRISTI: We'll talk.
ABBY: The countdown continues
with number six of my OMG moments.
What do you think your critique
is going to be?
-Better than Kendall?
-Look, look--
Better than Kendall?
I thought you did better than Kendall too.
-PAYTON: Thanks.
-(interposing voices)
LESLIE:
I think you'll be getting that sweatsuit.
ABBY: Payton, you almost screwed
the whole entire dance up with the sign.
You can't just like stick it--
LESLIE: Wait, whoa, whoa, whoa.
No, don't whoa whoa me.
-You have to make sure it's on there.
-Melissa is the one that
didn't have her daughter's
ponytails up high enough.
Why do you got to say Payton did--
Well, yeah, but she has to correct
or she's screwed up.
No, Abby, it starts
from the beginning and it--
Did you just say, "No, Abby?"
LESLIE: No, Abby,
I thought she did fabulous.
Right, and you're not a dance teacher.
LESLIE:
You tell me how you thought she did.
I thought she was okay.
I think your turns (indistinct)
never crossed your thighs once.
You need to fix that turn out.
PAYTON: I thought that I was better than
most of the people for all the rounds.
ABBY: You thought you were better
than most of the people in this group?
PAYTON: Performance-wise.
Well, that's cocky.
PAYTON: But that's how I feel
performance-wise.
-Abby's really mad at Payton.
-WOMAN: Why?
Because of the way it came out
when Payton was talking about
the rest of the group dance...
LESLIE: Right.
HOLLY: ...and her performance
in comparison to everyone else.
I will speak for myself.
I took it the same way that Abby said it.
Wait, wait, and then she apologized
and then you're still saying this to me?
Um, you didn't let me finish my comment.
Because I'm pissed off, that's why.
And you don't accept apologies
from a 14-year-old?
I did accept her apology.
Then don't have this conversation with me.
-CHRISTI: But...
-Wait, no, no, no, no, no--
...there's a lot of enabling going on.
LESLIE: Somebody shut you down
and you can't handle it.
-CHRISTI: You aren't shutting me down.
-Yes, I did.
Ladies, I'm standing outside
with a dance teacher
that's a friend of mine
and I can hear every word you're saying.
I'm still upset, Abby.
I know, but Leslie, you know what?
Your daughter is 14 years old.
You say that she's a grown up,
she's this, she's that.
She has a smart mouth on her.
You need to dig
your fingernails into her back...
-LESLIE: Wait, wait, wait. Okay, stop.
-...and tell her to shut her mouth.
Did you not put her
on the spot that got her
to that point where she said
something wrong and apologized to you?
You did not put her on this team
because of her comment.
Is that--that's what I want to know.
Yes.
Then that's a shame. Shame on you.
And I hope you feel better...
-No shame on me.
-...laying her head down on your pillow.
Don't shame on me.
LESLIE: You're going to kick her off
to the curb?
You don't walk into a dressing room
with a whole group of people
and say, I was fabulous
and you all weren't.
It's ridiculous.
LESLIE: No, you picked--you let
a daughter off probation. That's why.
You know what Leslie?
You don't need to be here.
You said, you can find
a dance to put her in.
I did.
If Payton wouldn't have been in that,
that would have been Chloe's spot.
She came in here
and had this snotty little attitude.
And you back her up.
LESLIE: I don't think you guys
will have to put up with me much longer.
I'll be gone. This will be it.
Leslie, don't encourage Payton.
She doesn't need any encouragement
to speak her mind.
She already did it.
And she put her foot right in her mouth.
Next time, make sure the foot's pointed.
Number five of my OMG moments.
Once I put my engagement ring on,
I don't think I ever took it off.
Did the girls say anything about it?
You don't wear it.
-Did they notice it?
-My God.
Seriously.
I don't know
why the other moms are so nosy.
I think sometimes it's jealousy.
I'm really not sure.
I'm happy in my life.
I think they need to worry
about their children
and I'll worry about mine.
I'm not going this weekend, guys.
Abby, I'm sorry to interrupt you,
but these people are starting this again.
So my kids and I are leaving
and we're not going this weekend.
Come on, Maddie.
(bleep).
Come, kids, we're leaving.
We're not coming this weekend.
Maddie's crying.
Maddie, we're really not going.
We're not going.
ABBY: I knew it.
I knew that these other mothers
would eventually push Melissa too far.
MELISSA: Abby, tell them.
-Tell them now.
-I'm going.
I'm going!
MELISSA:
Maddie, I know you want to do this.
-I am not doing this--
-I'm going.
MELISSA: Maddie can go without me.
If you're going to take care of her...
ABBY: I will take care of her.
-I will go get your clothes (indistinct)
-ABBY: Come on.
MELISSA: Please call your attorney.
These (bleep) are doing this again.
Thanks, Ab.
Melissa is the lady of the group.
She's the one I can count on
to be a role model
and an example just like Maddie is.
And when she starts
using the foul language
and she starts upsetting her kids,
it's like she was peer pressured into it.
Melissa, what are you thinking?
You're above those women.
And now number four of my OMG moments.
-Kelly?
-Yeah?
ABBY: I need to know
what's going on with Brooke.
You're too high.
Don't pick them up that high.
Where is Brooke?
KELLY: Well, that's what I want
to talk to you about.
I don't think she's coming this weekend.
We had a long discussion.
And there's something
that came up at school
that she wants to do.
And I'm going to allow her to do it.
Uh-oh, wait a second. Uh-oh.
So she's out?
You're making a decision for me
and for everybody in this group.
You're letting a 13-year-old kid
dictate my future and their future.
She should have opened her mouth
and said, Abby,
let somebody else be
at the top of the pyramid this week.
That is a mature 13-year-old,
not screwing everybody
and stabbing them in the back.
But I don't think
she's screwing any of them.
She's screwing me. I can feel it.
What are you teaching your child?
Are contracts meant to be broken, Kelly?
You make a commitment to a group,
you sign a contract.
Where is the parent to back this up?
Brooke is 13 years old.
She's the leader of the group.
Why couldn't Brooke open her mouth
and tell me herself?
You know why?
Because Kelly speaks for them.
She sits her kids on her lap,
sticks her hand up their butt,
and moves their mouth.
You know what Kelly?
You are a cheerleader.
Where did it get you?
Number three of my OMG moments.
Do you have my bee costume?
You mean--hold on--
the ugly bee costume that Vivi wore?
-Yes, it was her first solo.
-I gave it to the Goodwill.
That was $300.
Bill me.
-CHRISTI: It's a memory.
-WOMAN: It's sentimental.
-It's irreplaceable.
-It's sentimental. Her mother...
Listen, disco ball,
I'm not talking to you today.
This is between Abby and I. So pipe down.
-You need--
-Disco ball.
CHRISTI: Cathy is just a rude,
mean little woman.
She's a nasty, old bat.
CATHY: By the way, Christi,
Whoville called
and they want your nose back.
-Oh, my God, Cathy, listen...
CATHY: Go ahead.
...when you have a better insult,
something that is--
I'm not--I'm not listening to you anymore.
When you have a better insult
that's at least--
CATHY: Please, get out of my face.
CHRISTI: Oh, no,
I'll get right in your face.
-Oh, no, you won't, disco ball.
-Bring it, (bleep).
You know something?
That's wonderful that you talk like that
in front of your kids, but we don't talk
like that in front of ours.
-Do we, moms?
-CHRISTI: I know.
-Well, you know what Cathy?
-CATHY: Move along.
The dog pound is calling.
-Move along.
-Oh, my God, do not put your hands on me.
Get out of my face.
Your Payless shoes
need to walk out of here.
Oh, my God, all you care about is money.
-Really had--
-I'm not talking about money.
Oh, my God, that's all you talk about.
You obviously have a complexity issue.
I'm talking about style and you have none.
-Take your hands off of me.
-CATHY: You know what?
Take your hands off of me.
Cathy wrapped that icy cold
bony little hand around me.
It was like the grim reaper
was holding onto my wrist.
Move along, disco ball.
Oh, my God, you wish.
Guess what, Cathy?
You can't beat us, so go home.
Stop trying. Give up.
I have Christi Lu Who
talking to the grim reaper
talking to the disco ball.
I don't know if I'm coming or going.
But I do know that these women need to
stop fighting in front of their children.
Let's be a little classier, girls.
No more fighting.
No fighting in front of the kids.
Clean up your mouths, next.
Welcome back to the countdown
to my OMG moments.
So let's find out the answer.
What is Kelly's drink of choice?
Anything you're pouring.
CHRISTI: Oh. Cheers.
-KELLY: To dance.
-CHRISTI: To dance.
(laughing)
CHRISTI: Wait, can I have another
glass of wine real quick?
ABBY: I cannot believe it.
These moms are ridiculous.
They are in a bar drinking.
And their kid
needs to be on stage in 20 minutes.
Bad parenting 101.
CHRISTI: Good Lord.
Hey, what's going on?
We're having a cocktail.
ABBY: Are you two good to go?
-Yeah, we're going to leave in a minute.
-All right.
We're double fisted. It's not good.
ABBY: The countdown continues
with number two of my OMG moments.
Where did that costume come from?
Because it's obviously not pieces
of something you pulled together.
-I just wanted you to use pieces..
-This is a costume--
...that you had it home
and come up with something
at the last minute.
This is what I came up with.
Well, whose is that, may I ask?
This is Kendall's costume.
You have not seen her in this costume.
-Somebody, somewhere has seen her in it.
-It's Kendall's old costume.
It's Kendall's costume now.
It's not one of her old costumes.
ABBY: I'm trying to teach
the children a lesson.
They don't need a $500 costume to win.
You have something at home, make it work.
It's not about winning.
It's about what I want
to put my daughter in.
No, it's about what I want
to put your daughter in.
-Whipped up costume.
-ABBY: Go look at what you have,
figure it out, put it on the kid.
-That's what I did. That's what I did.
-ABBY: That looks like a wedding gown.
KELLY: Brooke went out there
in a $30 leotard
-and danced beautifully.
-And she did great.
I can't believe you guys
wouldn't back me up on this.
Because we're following the rules.
You're not.
She's going out there in gymnasium
in her costume that I brought for her.
-ABBY: You're looking at me in the eye.
-This is her costume.
Has she ever worn that costume
in the competition on stage
or a show or a showcase or a performance
or a school gig or anything else?
Yes, but you haven't seen her in it.
None of you have seen her in it.
I don't care.
Somebody else in the world did.
-What are you doing?
-I'm gone. I'm leaving.
You don't want me here.
I'll just make it easier for you.
KELLY: No, we want you here.
We want you to play by the rules.
Whatever, whatever.
I'll pack my bags and go home right now.
Is that--would that make you guys
all really happy?
No, that would not make me happy.
-Because that's what I'm doing!
-ABBY: And you know who's going to lose?
I'm sick of this (bleep).
-It's going to be--
-I'm done!
I'm going to be your child that loses out.
-I'm done. Good for you.
ABBY: It's your daughter.
Jill is throwing shoes. And she's cursing.
And all I'm thinking is, you are so hard
to take seriously wearing that hat.
Yee-haw, I mean, come on, Jill.
What are you thinking?
You're not throwing horseshoes.
You're throwing jazz shoes.
They're not going to hurt anybody.
But when you don't follow the rules,
you are hurting Kendall.
And the number one OMG moments.
My kids have not danced
to their potential all year long.
ANNOUNCER: In 10th place
with a score of 286...
892 Hurt Them First
Abby Lee Dance Company.
(cheering)
Moving on to ninth place,
one point higher
with a score of 287...
870, "Almost Heaven," Candy Apple's Dance.
(cheers and applause)
MELISSA: We've never, ever, ever, ever
in our lives gotten 10th place.
♪ To tell you just exactly how well ♪
♪ You carved your hope in my heart ♪
♪ You can stay here awhile
in this hotel... ♪
(crying)
Abby is going to freak out.
I want to go again.
(panting)
Can I please go again?
I've never done this before.
I didn't see any tears from you, Abby,
when my kid ran off the stage, okay?
So point noted.
-It's a horrific--
-I don't care. I don't care.
I know you don't care.
And that's my point.
Come paddle me.
Let's just get it over with quicker.
Please, that's a visual
I do not want to see.
There was not a tear shed
for another child in this company.
That's my issue.
These are children.
And you just cry for whatever reason
for one child and not the other.
-They all hurt the same.
-And the kids know.
-The kids know.
-It was so obvious.
KELLY: Why don't you care that
all the other kids forgot their dances,
but you care for Maddie?
(indistinct chatter)
Congratulations.
CATHY: In all sincerity,
we just wanted to congratulate you
on 10th place.
HOLLY: Thank you. We're proud
of ourselves, thank you.
WOMAN: And congratulations
on one point better.
We saw, we came, we kicked (indistinct)
-We saw, we came--
-You are Satan!
Bye.
ABBY: My entire reputation is humiliated.
What's going on?
-She's going home.
-What do you mean she's going home?
She's leaving right now.
HOLLY: Did she really leave?
This can't be real.
Where are you going?
I'm going to go to the hotel,
get myself, going right to the airport.
I need a break.
I need a break from these moms,
a break from these kids,
a break from the yelling.
KELLY: What do you want us
to tell the kids?
Your kids are fine.
They're great.
They have been trained
even as young as seven years old.
They know what to do.
And they're fine without me.
KELLY: I have known Abby for a long time.
And I have never seen her like this.
I'm shocked.
I am appalled at my own behavior.
I have let this woman get to me.
I mean, who gets excited over ninth place?
But those mothers
did push me to the brink.
Things were so out of hand
this last dance season.
I'm looking forward to a fresh new start.
Let the wild behavior begin again.
So I'm out of here.